removed deprecated code and files and improved doc comments (#7)
ccims/CPU-tracking-monitoring-service: README.md

# Monitoring CPU Usage

> Queries CPU Usage for given Services periodically. Reports status to the [Combines Monitoirng Frontend](https://github.com/ccims/monitoring-frontend) where the given Services can be configured.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Queries CPU Usage for given Services periodically. Reports status to the [Combined Monitoring Frontend](https://github.com/ccims/monitoring-frontend) where the given Services can be configured.
```
